In another move to distinguish her ingredients from Western versions, Kinyanjui also sells through grocery stores flour flavored with Amarathan, a green vegetable that grows around Kenya. 
The thinking errors they uncovered are not trivial mistakes in a parlor game. 
As chair of this year's replenishment of the Global Fund, I urge all donors to see to it that countries such as Uganda get the support they need, so that Dr. Mugyenyi and other front-line soldiers in the fight against AIDS need not make those difficult choices. 
The fact that it took almost 50 years to draft and finally achieve the necessary ratification threshold demonstrates that something is very wrong with the modern system of multilateralism. 
On the contrary, the Obama administration has already begun the discussions it promised on upgrading Israel's strategic capabilities. 
The French economy benefits from high productivity potential and a well-educated work force, but trade unionists and other members of Hollande's Socialist Party are blocking measures that would restore strong growth. 
So, although based on interests, such a proposal will not be easily accepted. 
Those politicians then accepted financial support from the US and India, but that money never came. 
Following the March 19 referendum, in which most Islamists campaigned for a package of constitutional amendments and got 77% support, secularists took to the streets, mobilizing behind their own demands. 
In Saudi Arabia, the state-owned China Railway Construction Corporation built the Al-Mashaaer Al-Mugadassah light-rail project to ease traffic pressure during the annual Hajj pilgrimage to Mecca. 
Weak demand - especially the post-crisis collapse in consumer spending growth - is a far more likely culprit than China in explaining the recent hiring shortfall. 
What is at stake is Europe's capacity to avoid another financial meltdown - one that could be even more devastating than the 2007 crisis. 
After all, the Standard ampamp; Poor's US price-earnings ratio is still above its long-term average - 26.84 in 2007, compared to its long-term average since 1881 of 16.31. 
A lot of intellectual effort has been devoted to devising better ways of maximizing advertising and marketing budgets - targeting customers, especially the affluent, who might actually buy the product. 
This way, minorities become easily manipulated majorities. Divide enough, stoke enough resentment, and a nation becomes nothing more than a ruined society within a national territory. 
In 2006, Santa Claus again came from Germany with a sack full of good news about the business cycle. 
Nonetheless, he has initiated a policy of replacing the government bonds on the BOJ's balance sheet once they mature, while constantly increasing the volume of government debt on the central bank's books. 
NEW YORK - Vaccines are one of the great success stories in the history of individual and public health. 
The PPP's victory in the December polls has also been seen as vindication of sorts for Thaksin. 
The International Monetary Fund's role as independent arbiter of sound macroeconomic policy and guardian against competitive currency devaluation ought to be strengthened. 
Both states and markets work well only when adequately enforced legal rules provide the necessary certainty. 
They want higher-quality services, better housing, and good infrastructure (especially transport). 
Problems began in 2014, when China's capital account, which had been in surplus since the 1990s, swung into deficit. 
And its largely homogenous population - 90% Sunni Muslim - has allowed it to avoid the sectarian conflicts plaguing countries like Iraq and Syria, and to forge a strong central government. 
And, indeed, according to the World Values Survey and related research, trust among individuals in the Middle East is low enough to limit commercial transactions to people who know one another either personally or through mutual acquaintances. 
The authorities are taking steps to correct their mistakes, especially with the decision to form a banking union and the outright monetary transactions program, which would allow unlimited intervention by the European Central Bank in the sovereign-bond market. 
There are more than 10 million of us across Europe. 
Companies with more women in top management and board positions better reflect the profiles of their customers and employees, benefit from more diverse views when solving problems, rank higher on indicators of organizational cooperation and health, and report higher profitability and returns on equity. 
Thus, European finance ministers, too, will not be keen to admit any need for major policy changes to deal with risks from financial globalization. 
The ocean has historically played an important role in achieving that balance. 
After all, it might be the case that national elections in a place groping for a democratic future are not the best first step on the road to a liberal order. This is notably the case where entrenched groups - Kurds, Shiites, Sunnis - compete for central power. 
Moreover, they impede children's physical and cognitive development, and leave them more susceptible to illness and premature death. 
Gender dimensions of NCDs are no less important; one only has to consider how alcohol and tobacco are marketed to understand that. 
Consider the case of Sony's PlayStation gaming console. 
If one goes back further, to include Herbert Hoover and Franklin D. Roosevelt, the disparity is even larger. 
Quite the contrary: resistance to diplomatic solutions is a common thread in most of today's major conflicts. 
Yesterday, when America sneezed, the world caught a cold. 
Since then, many of China's inherent strengths have been sapped by all-too-frequent external shocks. 
We should be wary of viewing medicine as the only path to better health. 
My office is open not only to Russian citizens, but to foreigners and stateless people who feel their political rights have been compromised. 
First, India probably was not fully prepared for its rapid growth in the years before the global financial crisis. 
The McKinsey Global Institute has identified shale energy as a \u201cgame changer\u201d for the world economy, estimatingthat it could boost America's GDP by as much as 4% ($690 billion) per year and add 1.7 million permanent jobs to the labor market by 2020. 
Where state institutions or elected officials fail to take action against such violence, these women have filled a vacuum, challenging traditional gender roles in the process. 
But senior members of the US Congress have stressed that a successful agreement must include opening the EU market to all US agricultural products.&#160; 
On the other hand, Latin America's long-term growth record is hardly an advertisement for the approach, and accounting for lost tax revenues due to lower GDP would surely yield a less impressive fiscal outcome. 
All the pieces need to fit together, and the chances of success remain slim. 
Housing prices shot up, real-estate developers borrowed recklessly, and local governments became heavily indebted. 
But the real case for holding it, then as now, was never a speculative one. 
So what can be done to avoid stupid economic policymaking? 
More than 500 manufacturer-identified nanotechnology consumer products are now on the market, from cosmetics to car parts to tableware. By 2014 an estimated $2.6 trillion in manufactured goods around the world (or 15% of total global output) will use this technology, building on the research of scientists in some 100 nations around the world. 














