In another move to distinguish her ingredients from Western versions, Kinyanjui also sells through grocery stores flour flavored with Amarathan, a green vegetable that grows around Kenya. 
As chair of this year's replenishment of the Global Fund, I urge all donors to see to it that countries such as Uganda get the support they need, so that Dr. Mugyenyi and other front-line soldiers in the fight against AIDS need not make those difficult choices. 
The fact that it took almost 50 years to draft and finally achieve the necessary ratification threshold demonstrates that something is very wrong with the modern system of multilateralism. 
On the contrary, the Obama administration has already begun the discussions it promised on upgrading Israel's strategic capabilities. 
The French economy benefits from high productivity potential and a well-educated work force, but trade unionists and other members of Hollande's Socialist Party are blocking measures that would restore strong growth. 
Those politicians then accepted financial support from the US and India, but that money never came. 
Following the March 19 referendum, in which most Islamists campaigned for a package of constitutional amendments and got 77% support, secularists took to the streets, mobilizing behind their own demands. 
In Saudi Arabia, the state-owned China Railway Construction Corporation built the Al-Mashaaer Al-Mugadassah light-rail project to ease traffic pressure during the annual Hajj pilgrimage to Mecca. 
Weak demand \u2013 especially the post-crisis collapse in consumer spending growth \u2013 is a far more likely culprit than China in explaining the recent hiring shortfall. 
What is at stake is Europe's capacity to avoid another financial meltdown \u2013 one that could be even more devastating than the 2007 crisis. 
After all, the Standard ampamp; Poor's US price-earnings ratio is still above its long-term average \u2013 26.84 in 2007, compared to its long-term average since 1881 of 16.31. 
A lot of intellectual effort has been devoted to devising better ways of maximizing advertising and marketing budgets \u2013 targeting customers, especially the affluent, who might actually buy the product. 
This way, minorities become easily manipulated majorities. Divide enough, stoke enough resentment, and a nation becomes nothing more than a ruined society within a national territory. 
Nonetheless, he has initiated a policy of replacing the government bonds on the BOJ's balance sheet once they mature, while constantly increasing the volume of government debt on the central bank's books. 
NEW YORK \u2013 Vaccines are one of the great success stories in the history of individual and public health. 
The International Monetary Fund's role as independent arbiter of sound macroeconomic policy and guardian against competitive currency devaluation ought to be strengthened. 
Marianne Thyssen, the EU's employment and labor commissioner, wants work on implementing the report to begin immediately. 
How do Primark and its competitors in the West's shopping malls and High Streets keep that cute frock so cheap? 
Efforts to address these structural challenges are being frustrated not just by institutional barriers, but also by entrenched official corruption. 
This can continue for a time, rewarding unproductive investments and aspiring oligarch-speculators who presume that the Fed has eliminated risk. 
The manic character of his presidency - initiative spilling into initiative, each being the transformative solution to the problem at hand, all opposition denounced as lies, bad faith, and cowardice - has worn thin. 
And North Korea conducted its third nuclear test earlier this month, sending shock waves through the region. 
So Europeans should not be tempted to think that they are somehow \u201cdecoupled\u201d from America's foibles and woes. 
So far, the decline of what was the Soviet Union has proceeded relatively well; Russia, the principal successor state, has avoided all-out civil war and war with its neighbors. 
But no one regards the prospect of another Netanyahu government with more anguish than the Palestinians. 
Of course, it is always morally reprehensible, even when it fails to produce lasting psychiatric symptoms. 
These problems cannot be solved by a guarantee from the EU budget (which in any case could not be larger than 1/15th of the value of the project). 
Despite the referendum's high stakes - the abandonment of the Turkish Republic's longstanding political framework - there was no serious or extended debate prior to the vote, which was held under the state of emergency imposed by Erdo\u011fan in the wake of last July's coup attempt. 
If the real interest rate on Greek debt were 4% (more or less what Greece is paying now for the emergency loans from the European Union) and annual GDP grew by 2% on average, the required primary fiscal surplus each year for the next quarter-century would be 5.7% of GDP. 
Indeed, the days when we in Britain thought it was normal to have an unemployment rate of 2% have long since passed. 
The major global powers are still trying negotiations and sanctions to induce Iran to abandon its efforts to develop nuclear weapons. 
The major global powers are still trying negotiations and sanctions to induce Iran to abandon its efforts to develop nuclear weapons. 
