Moreover, this war has been funded differently from any other war in America’s history –perhaps in any country’s recent history.
But China’s policy failures should come as no surprise.
The results have been devastating.
Wind and solar are often presented as alternatives to oil and gas, but they cannot compete with traditional sources for electricity generation.
Nor are Muslim women alone.
NEW YORK – We are in a protracted period of international transition, one that began more than two decades ago with the Cold War’s end.
That was a noble thing to do, but a key question was never asked: Why should someone who is able to travel to another country have priority over others who are in refugee camps and unable to travel?
When respectable British media such as Financial Times warn against a renewed European psychodrama and instead call for working toward a “Europe of results,” this should be regarded rather as a bad joke than a serious alternative.
He knows that, in order to succeed, firms will have to anticipate and respond to such trends.
According to most economists and political commentators, the latest Greek bailout was little more than an analgesic.
His call for immense deficits  even once the economy is back to normal, funds are returned from the financial bailouts, and the US is out of Iraq – is simply irresponsible.
Financial markets are thus even more important for China than for the US or Europe, and there are clear signs that the productivity of investment has been declining rapidly in China.
But the approach taken by his successors, Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke, was very different \u2013 allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset-dependent economy to take charge of the Fed.
A country's production structure may very well determine how much capital it supplies and how much it needs.
Increasingly, the industry is implementing approaches that have ensured success in other sectors, such as reducing procurement costs and deploying lean principles in manufacturing.
Nine West African governments spend, on average, just over 1% of their budgets on nutrition.
Meanwhile, the earnings yield on the stocks that make up the S&P composite is fluctuating around 6%: that is how much money the corporations that underpin the stocks are making for their shareholders.
President Jacques Chirac of France, but also Brazil\u2019s leftist president, Lula da Silva support a tax on airline tickets designed to finance poor countries\u2019 development.
The latest ZEW survey of euro-zone business confidence buttresses these fears.















