In another move to distinguish her ingredients from Western versions, Kinyanjui also sells through grocery stores flour flavored with Amarathan, a green vegetable that grows around Kenya. 
The thinking errors they uncovered are not trivial mistakes in a parlor game. 
As chair of this year's replenishment of the Global Fund, I urge all donors to see to it that countries such as Uganda get the support they need, so that Dr. Mugyenyi and other front-line soldiers in the fight against AIDS need not make those difficult choices. 
The fact that it took almost 50 years to draft and finally achieve the necessary ratification threshold demonstrates that something is very wrong with the modern system of multilateralism. 
On the contrary, the Obama administration has already begun the discussions it promised on upgrading Israel's strategic capabilities. 
The French economy benefits from high productivity potential and a well-educated work force, but trade unionists and other members of Hollande's Socialist Party are blocking measures that would restore strong growth. 
So, although based on interests, such a proposal will not be easily accepted. 
Those politicians then accepted financial support from the US and India, but that money never came. 
Following the March 19 referendum, in which most Islamists campaigned for a package of constitutional amendments and got 77% support, secularists took to the streets, mobilizing behind their own demands. 
In Saudi Arabia, the state-owned China Railway Construction Corporation built the Al-Mashaaer Al-Mugadassah light-rail project to ease traffic pressure during the annual Hajj pilgrimage to Mecca. 
Weak demand \u2013 especially the post-crisis collapse in consumer spending growth \u2013 is a far more likely culprit than China in explaining the recent hiring shortfall. 
What is at stake is Europe's capacity to avoid another financial meltdown \u2013 one that could be even more devastating than the 2007 crisis. 
After all, the Standard ampamp; Poor's US price-earnings ratio is still above its long-term average \u2013 26.84 in 2007, compared to its long-term average since 1881 of 16.31. 
A lot of intellectual effort has been devoted to devising better ways of maximizing advertising and marketing budgets \u2013 targeting customers, especially the affluent, who might actually buy the product. 
This way, minorities become easily manipulated majorities. Divide enough, stoke enough resentment, and a nation becomes nothing more than a ruined society within a national territory. 
In 2006, Santa Claus again came from Germany with a sack full of good news about the business cycle. 
Nonetheless, he has initiated a policy of replacing the government bonds on the BOJ's balance sheet once they mature, while constantly increasing the volume of government debt on the central bank's books. 
NEW YORK \u2013 Vaccines are one of the great success stories in the history of individual and public health. 
The PPP's victory in the December polls has also been seen as vindication of sorts for Thaksin. 
The International Monetary Fund's role as independent arbiter of sound macroeconomic policy and guardian against competitive currency devaluation ought to be strengthened. 
